This is a list of all the extra credit features I completed:

[Feature] A main menu which asks the player whether they want to (p)lay a game or (q)uit. (+5%)  

    When a game is complete, return to the main menu instead of quitting.  
    When the player chooses quit, exit the application.  

[Feature] Use the same deck between games instead of shuffling between each game. (+5%) 

    If a game begins with there being fewer than 30 cards, add the discarded cards back to it and shuffle the deck.  

[feature—requires main menu] A betting system in which the player and casino have an amount of money that is printed at the main menu. (+5%) 

    When the main menu is printed, the amount of money the player and casino each have (their bankroll) will be displayed along with how much money will be bet on the next game. 

[non functional] the default bankroll can be any value. 
[non functional] the default bet can be any valid value. I suggest choosing between 1/5th and 1/20th of the player’s starting bankroll.  

    The new main menu shall say (p)lay, (c)hange bet, or (q)uit.  
    If the player selects ‘c’ for (c)hange bet, the game will prompt them for how much they want the new bet to be and update the current bet. 
    If the player enters a number that is larger than the amount they have or the amount the casino has, limit the bet to the player’s current amount of money.  
    If the player wins, add the correct amount of money to their bankroll and subtract the same amount from the casino’s.  
    If the player wins an initial blackjack (meaning, the first two cards are worth 21 points), AND the dealer DOES NOT score a blackjack, the player is paid 1.5 times their bet.  
    If the player runs out of money, print that they did so and quit the game.  
    If the casino runs out of money or goes into the negative, the player will be kicked out. It’s possible for the casino to end up with negative money if the player gets an initial blackjack when the casino is betting it all. 